# Maintenance Tracking Addon

Source: https://docs.goparagon.com/kb/maintenance-tracking-addon/

---

Maintenance Tracking Addon – Paradigm ERP by Paragon – Documentation
Home
Add-Ons and Integrations
Maintenance Tracking Addon
Maintenance Tracking Addon
The
maintenance tracking add on
can be used to keep track of maintenance and report when equipment needs to be repaired or replaced. It can also be used to store user manuals and other equipment-related documents, schedule repairs or preventative maintenance based on calendar days or usage, and track part numbers used to complete a repair.
Main Menu
Select the warehouse to view the maintenance for or set it to [ALL] to view the maintenance for all locations. The warehouse set here will also apply to any other lists that are viewed.
View Equipment –
A list of all the equipment.
Add Log –
Add a log for a piece of equipment.
View Tasks –
Opens the task list.
Repair Order –
Create a repair order for a piece of equipment.
Calendar –
This calendar will show the repair orders on it. Clicking on a repair order will bring up the details for it.
Upcoming Repairs –
This list will show overdue and upcoming repairs in the next 30 days.
Side Bar
Task List –
Displays the list of tasks assigned to the user that is signed in.
Equipment
Main Menu –
Displays the main menu shown in the first section above.
Equipment List –
View and add equipment to the list.
Repair Schedules –
View and create repair schedules.
Repair Orders –
View and create repair orders.
Equipment types –
View and add equipment types.
Repair Types –
View and add equipment types.
Log Types –
View and add log types.
Quick Log –
Add a new log for a piece of equipment.
Inspections
Inspections –
View history and start an inspection.
Create Template –
Create a new inspection template.
Task List
This a list of all the
tasks
assigned to the user that is currently signed in, and these will also show up in Paradigm for the user that is linked to the web account that is signed in. These tasks are generated by repair orders, or manually added.
Select a date range of tasks to view.
Filter the list by who it was created by.
Refreshes the list.
Creates a new task.
Search the task list.
View the details for the task.
Mark the task as complete.
Equipment
Equipment List
This is a list of all the equipment for the selected location.
Show the discontinued equipment.
Search the equipment list
View the equipment details.
Add new equipment.
Adding Equipment
Equipment Type –
Choose the equipment type from the dropdown list. If it is not on the list, it can be added by going to the equipment types section.
Location –
Choose the location that the equipment is at from the dropdown list.
Asset Number –
This is typically used for a G/L account ID.
Rental –
If the item is a rental, check the “Is Rental?” box and select the corresponding rental product in the dropdown.
See this FAQ for more information:
Equipment Rental
Linked Equipment Type –
If this equipment is referenced elsewhere in Paradigm, use this drop down to link it.
Storing Manuals for Equipment
Manuals can be stored with equipment by attaching the manual file to it. This can be found by clicking the “Details” button on the equipment that is getting the manual uploaded to it.
Then click the plus sign beside equipment attachments and upload the manual file.
Repair Schedules
This is a list of the repair schedules for the selected location.
Search the repair schedules list.
Click on a row to view the details for it.
Create a new repair schedule.
Creating a Repair Schedule
First, choose the equipment and repair type for the repair schedule.
Then choose the interval of how often the repair will be scheduled.
Interval-based – This will schedule a repair when the interval set is reached. This is based of off logs, so in this example every 500 hours the oil change will be scheduled.
Date-based – This will schedule a repair every amount of days that are set. In this example, an oil change will be scheduled every 180 days, starting on July 14th.
Both – When both interval-based and date-based, whichever criteria is met first will create the repair order – then both will restart counting.
Choose the user that the scheduled repair order will be assigned to.
Save the repair schedule and it will be shown on the list.
Repair Orders
This a list of repair orders in the date range for the selected location.
The date range of repair orders to view, and whether or not to show completed repair orders.
Repair order type.
Search the repair order list.
Click on a row to view its details. Any rows in red means it is overdue.
Create a new repair order.
Creating Repair Orders
Usually repair orders are generated automatically by the repair schedule, but repair orders can be manually created here.
Choose the equipment and repair type for the repair order.
Then choose date on which the repair order will be scheduled.
Assign a user and add any notes to the repair order.
Save the repair order and it will be added to the list.
Storing Materials Used
To store the materials and parts used for a repair, first find the repair on the list and click on it to open the repair order details. Then click on the “New” button in the material details section and enter in the item’s information.
Equipment Types
This is a list of equipment types, which are used when adding a piece of equipment to the equipment list.
Add a new equipment type.
Edit the existing equipment type.
Delete the equipment type.
Adding Equipment Types
Enter the type and name of the new equipment type. The type is the ID for the equipment type and can usually be the same as the name.
Save and the equipment type will be added to the list.
Repair Types
This is a list of repair types, which are used when creating a repair schedule or a repair order.
Add a new repair type.
Edit existing repair type.
Delete the repair type.
Adding Repair Types
Add a name and description to the new repair type.
Then choose the equipment type that the repair type is for.
Then save and it will be added to the list.
Log Types
This is a list of log types, which are used when creating logs for equipment.
Add a new log type.
Edit existing log type.
Delete the log type.
Adding Log Types
Enter the code and name of the new log type. The code is the ID for the log type and can usually be the same as the name.
Then save and the log type will be added to the list.
Quick Log
In this screen, logs can be added for equipment.
Choose the equipment to create the log for.
Select the log type.
Enter the amount of whatever the log type is set to.
Add notes to the log.
Save the log. It will then appear in the detail section for equipment on the equipment list.
Inspections
The inspections list will display the available inspection templates and allows the user to start an inspection for a piece of equipment. This will help with meeting OSHA equipment requirements.
Once an inspection has been started, fill in the user, equipment, and log amount.
Then complete each check or mark as “Defect” in the following screens. If “Defect” is selected a repair order may be created if the check is set up to do so, see the next section for more details.
Create Template
The Inspection Wizard Designer can be used to create an inspection checklist.
Inspection groups can be created with multiple checks in each groups. Optionally a repair order can be created if “Defect” is selected during the check, by checking “Create Repair Order?”.
